chore(localizations,themes): Drop react as peer dependency (#3273)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/mean-snakes-appear.md

---
'@clerk/localizations': minor
'@clerk/themes': minor
---

> Drop react as peer dependency from `@clerk/localizations` and `@clerk/themes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drop `react` and `react-dom` as peer dependencies since they are not necessary for this package
```

Changesets will already put the context of where they are removed from into the changelog 👍
